README.md, before:

# _{Application Name}_

#### _{Brief description of application}, {Date of current version}_

#### By _**{List of contributors}**_

## Description

_{This is a detailed description of your application. Its purpose and usage.  Give as much detail as needed to explain what the application does, and any other information you want users or other developers to have. }_

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _This is a great place_
* _to list setup instructions_
* _in a simple_
* _easy-to-understand_
* _format_

_{Leave nothing to chance! You want it to be easy for potential users, employers and collaborators to run your app. Do I need to run a server? How should I set up my databases? Is there other code this app depends on?}_

## Known Bugs

_{Are there issues that have not yet been resolved that you want to let users know you know?  Outline any issues that would impact use of your application.  Share any workarounds that are in place. }_

## Support and contact details

_{Let people know what to do if they run into any issues or have questions, ideas or concerns.  Encourage them to contact you or make a contribution to the code.}_

## Technologies Used

_{Tell me about the languages and tools you used to create this app. Assume that I know you probably used HTML and CSS. If you did something really cool using only HTML, point that out.}_

### License

*{Determine the license under which this application can be used.  See below for more details on licensing.}*

Copyright (c) 2016 **_{List of contributors or company name}_**

Commit message:

Add compleet pig-latin project.

README.md, after:

# _Pig Latin Translator_

#### _This program allows the user to enter a string of words and submit them to be translated into pig latin, 10.30.2019_

#### By _**Hristo Dzhambov and Colman Currie**_

## Description

_This website allows a user to enter in several words to be submitted for a translation into pig latin. _

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* Use the terminal on your computer to git clone this project to your desktop. Then open by double clicking the index.html
* Run the program over and over again to your hearts desire

## Specs
_The program does nothing to non-alphabetical characters, since they do not contain consonants or vowels. Example Input: 3 Example Output: 3 The program adds "ay" to single-letter words beginning with a vowel. Example Input: i Example Output: iay_


## Known Bugs

_No known bugs at this point._

## Support and contact details

_Feel free to contribute to this code. Use a merge request to contact us._

## Technologies Used

_We utilized css, javascript, html and bootstrap (* Bootstrap v3.3.7 (http://getbootstrap.com)) and jquery (jQuery JavaScript Library v3.4.1 https://jquery.com/).

_

### License

License
Copyright (c) <2019>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Copyright (c) 2019 {Colman Currie & Hristo Dzhambov}
